>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we check if the
node has a left or a right, so just one or
the other.
If it has a left,
then you're gonna set the left.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're
gonna set the left.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: To
the parent's relationship, right?
So the parent
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Is
to the right of the 15, right?
So we want to, we're here,
this is our current value.
This is our this dot left, right.
We wanted to change our this dot
left to our parent dot right.
Or whatever our parent's relationship is.
Cool, so we could save that into
a variable called position or
something like that.
And then just use bracket notation,
say this bracket position
equals this dot left.
Does that make sense?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, if has a left,
then set the left to the parent's
relationship for the to-be-deleted node.
It's really verbose, does anyone
have a shorter way of saying that?
In English though.
I'm trying to make it
more English than code.
>> Speaker 2: Look to
the parent's relationship for it.
>> Speaker 3: We could just decide on
an acronym and then remember what it means
[LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So what about the PRD?
That doesn't stand for
anything bad, right?
>> Speaker 3: Not that I know of.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, me either.
So parent's relationship to the deleted.
>> Speaker 3: Thank you.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: PRD.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Did you look it up?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: That was super funny.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What about PRDN.
>> Speaker 2: It doesn't matter.
PRD is fine.
It's just funny what it
actually stands for.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Is it bad?
>> Speaker 2: PRDN actually
doesn't have a reference.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: It's,like if you're
a runner, pre-race dump.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
we're gonna do PRDN.
Just deciding.
Okay, so PRDN, okay, so
if it has a left then
you're going to set the.
Actually we're going to set
the PRDN to this left It's easier.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool?
And that's how we're swapping it out.
So, if right, then
set PRDN to this.right.
>> Speaker 2: Is it if it has one,
if it matches The value of that there?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So.
>> Speaker 2: Right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we already,
so the current node is the match node.
And so at this point we wanna say,
you know,
if it has a child then we wanna swap it.
And we wanna just make sure that
we're swapping it to the right place.
So what you really could do,
actually let me see, two
this dot left or this dot right.
Right assuming you are sending it
to the value not the entire node.
Because the node but
actually either way it does not matter
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What
else are we missing?
>> Speaker 2: We were not suppose to do,
for this too.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
So, let's walk through.
So if it's a root, we need to account for
that, we talked about earlier.
It's probably like three or
six lines of code.
To account for that, otherwise.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We'll set up,
who the parent is, right?
So if it's not the route, it has a parent.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And we're passing it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So the first thing
is we wanna check if it's a leaf.
If it is, you wanna delete it And so
how we delete that is we
set the PRDN to null, right.
So that would look something
like parent[right] = null.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Does that make sense?
What that means in code.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Where
this is a string.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, so
the other case is if it has one known.
We gonna check if it's a left or
right, you know.
This is actually where we're
checking if there's one node.
And then we're just gonna set it.
So what that might look like is,
parent ["right"] =
>> Bianca Gandolfo: One or the other.
So if one of these is evaluating to true,
it's going to save it.
We know that one of them is true and
one of them's false.
And so that should work for
what we're doing here.
Cool, anything else?
Who finished this in the three minutes?
You can raise your hand if you did.
Okay, all right.
You ready for case three?
Awesome.
Any questions?
>> Speaker 3: What is case three?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What
do you think is case three?
So case one it's a leaf,
case two there's one node.
>> Speaker 3: I would think two nodes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Umhm.
Yeah, that's our only other option.
Case three is, what if there's aliens?
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's a real thing.
Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So case three is,
when the node has two children